WHAT ARE BRIDGES AND PLUGGBLE TRANSPORT?
- Bridges, unlike ordinary relays, however, they are not listed publicly,
  so an adversary cannot identify them easily.
- Using bridges in combination with pluggable transports helps to disguise
  the fact that you are using Tor, but may slow down the connection compared
  to using ordinary Tor relays.
- Direct access to the Tor network may sometimes be blocked by your Internet
  Service Provider or by a government. Tor Browser includes some
  circumvention tools for getting around these blocks. These tools are
  called “pluggable transports”.
- Tor on Blitz only will use bridges with pluggable transport, as they help you
  bypass censorship against Tor, being more secure than normal bridges.

PLUGGABLE TRANSPORTS BRIDGES:
- OBFS4 is a randomizing transport, it adds an extra layer of specialized
  encryption between you and your bridge that makes Tor traffic look like
  random bytes. It also resists active-probing attacks, where the censor
  discovers bridges by trying to connect to them. obfs3 and scramblesuit
  are similar in nature to obfs4.
- MEEK makes Tor traffic look like a connection to an HTTPS website. Unlike
  the other transports, it doesn't connect directly to a bridge. meek first
  connects to a real HTTPS web server (in the Amazon cloud or the Microsoft
  Azure cloud) and from there connects to the actual bridge. Censors cannot
  easily block meek connections because the HTTPS servers also provide many
  other useful services.
- SNOWFLAKE sends your traffic through WebRTC, a peer-to-peer protocol with
  built-in NAT punching. For censored users, if your Snowflake proxy gets
  blocked, the broker will find a new proxy for you, automatically.

WHICH TRANSPORT SHOULD I USE?
- Countries with moderate internet censorship: OBFS4
- China or countries with similiar internet censorship: SNOWFLAKE or MEEK

WHICH TRANSPORT I'M CURRENTLY USING?
Check the top left corner of the backtitle. It should display "Bridge mode OFF!" if no bridges and pluggable transports are used or the name of the currently used pluggable transport.

HOW CAN I CHECK THE VALIDITY OF A OBFS4 BRIDGE?
Bridges menu entry LIST or go to https://metrics.torproject.org/rs.html and search for the fingerprint (this is the long number between the ip:port and cert=). Tor Metrics should then show you the information of that particular server. If it doesn't show up, the bridge is no longer valid.

HOW DO I KNOW IF IT IS WORKING?
Main menu entry LOGS and follow it. PLEASE BE PATIENT! The process to build circuits could last for several minutes, depending on your network! In the end, you should see "Bootstrapped 100%: Done".
